#Funnel properties
process.connectionFunnelType=FUNNEL
process.funnelComponentType=org.apache.nifi.processors.standard.Funnel
process.FunnelName=Funnel

#invoke HTTP properties
process.invokeHttpComponentType=org.apache.nifi.processors.standard.InvokeHTTP
process.invokeHttpBundleGroup=org.apache.nifi
process.invokeHttpBundleArtifact=nifi-standard-nar
process.invokeHttpBundleVersion=1.7.1
#process.invokeHttpAppName=InvokeHTTPProcessor
process.invokeHttpAppName=invokeHTTP

#Custom invoke HTTP properties
process.custominvokeHttpComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.CustomInvokeHTTP
process.custominvokeHttpAppName=customInvokeHTTP

#Connections Properties
process.connectionProcessorType=PROCESSOR
process.connectionFunnelType=FUNNEL
process.sizeThreshold=1 GB
process.objectThreshold=10000
process.flowFileExpiration=0 sec
process.labelIndex=1
process.zIndex=0

#CustomJoinProcessor properties
process.customJoinComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.JoinProcessor
process.customJoinAppName=JoinProcessor


process.groupID=688f3e9f-0163-1000-2c60-a8fcd62f0965
process.templateName=template_1
process.encodingVersion=1.2

#Custom Bundle Properties
process.customBundleGroup=com.suntecgroup.nifi
process.customBundleArtifact=nar
process.customBundleVersion=1.0-SNAPSHOT
process.customBundleOneVersion=1.0

# GetFile properties
process.getFileComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.CustomGetFile
process.getFileAppName=GetFile

# PutFile properties
process.putFileComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.CustomPutFile
process.putFileAppName=PutFile

# NifiCustomFileChannelIntegrationInput properties
process.customFixedWidthInputFileChannelComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.FixedWidthInputFileChannelProcessor
process.customDelimitedInputFileChannelComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.DelimitedInputFileChannelProcessor
process.customFileChannelIntegrationInputAppName=FileInputProcessor

# NifiCustomFileChannelIntegrationOutput properties
process.customFixedWidthOutputFileChannelComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.FixedWidthOutputFileChannelProcessor
process.customDelimitedOutputFileChannelComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.DelimitedOutputFileChannelProcessor
process.customFileChannelIntegrationOutputAppName=FileOutputProcessor

# InputRestChannelIntegrationOperator properties
process.customInputRestCIProcessorComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.InputRestChannelProcessor
process.customRestChannelIntegrationInputAppName=RestInputProcessor

# OutputRestChannelIntegrationOperator properties
process.customOutputRestCIProcessorComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.OutputRestChannelProcessor
process.customRestChannelIntegrationOutputAppName=RestOutputProcessor

# NifiCustomMerge properties
process.customPreMergeComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.PreProcessorMerge
process.customPostMergeComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.PostProcessorMerge
process.customMergeProcessorAppName=MergeProcessor

#CustomListenHttpProcessor properties
process.customListenHttpComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.CustomListenHTTPProcessor
process.customListenHttpAppName=CustomListenHTTPProcessor

#CustomStartProcessor properties
process.customStartComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.StartProcessor
process.customStartAppName=customStart

#CustomPreProcessorIBS properties
process.customPreProcessorIBSType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.PreProcessorInvokeBS
process.customPreProcessorIBSAppName=PreProcessorInvokeBS

#CustomPostProcessorIBS properties
process.customPostProcessorIBSType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.PostProcessorInvokeBS
process.customPostProcessorIBSAppName=PostProcessorInvokeBS

#CustomKafkaConsumerIBS properties
process.customKafkaConsumerIBSType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.CustomKafkaConsumer
process.customKafkaConsumerIBSAppName=CustomKafkaConsumer

#UpdateAttributeProcessor properties
process.UpdateAttributeBundleGroup=org.apache.nifi
process.UpdateAttributeBundleArtifact=nifi-update-attribute-nar
process.UpdateAttributeBundleVersion=1.7.1

process.UpdateAttributeComponentType=org.apache.nifi.processors.attributes.UpdateAttribute
process.UpdateAttributeComponentAppName=UpdateAttribute

#CustomDecisionMatrixProcessorDM properties
process.customProcessordecisionMatrixExclusiveType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.DecisionMatrixProcessor
process.customProcessordecisionMatrixExclusiveAppName=decisionMatrixExclusive

#CustomDecisionMatrixProcessorDM properties
process.customProcessordecisionMatrixInclusiveType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.DecisionMatrixProcessor
process.customProcessordecisionMatrixInclusiveAppName=decisionMatrixInclusive

#CustomConnectorProcessorSmartConnector properties
process.customProcessorConnectorProcessorType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.SmartConnectorProcessor
process.customProcessorConnectorProcessorAppName=SmartConnector

#CustomPreEventLoggerProcessor properties
process.customPreEventLoggerComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.PreEventLogger
process.customPreEventLoggerComponentAppName=PreEventLogger

#CustomPostEventLoggerProcessor properties
process.customPostEventLoggerComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.PostEventLogger
process.customPostEventLoggerComponentAppName=PostEventLogger

#CustomEndProcessor properties
process.customEndComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.EndProcessor
process.customEndAppName=customEnd

#CustomFailureProcessor properties
process.customFailureComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.FailureProcessor
process.customFailureComponentAppName=FailureProcessor

#CustomBusinessFailureProcessor Properties
process.customBusinessFailureComponentType=com.suntecgroup.custom.processor.BusinessFailureProcessor
process.customBusinessFailureComponentAppName=BusinessFailureProcessor